AKS Baseline regulated - New Azure Defender for containers feature introduced. (#57)
mspnp/aks-baseline-regulated: docs/deploy/11-gitops.md

Your dependency on or choice of in-cluster tooling to achieve your compliance needs cannot be suggested as a "one-size fits all" in this reference implementation. However, as a reminder of the need to solve for these, the Flux bootstrapping above deployed a _placeholder_ FIM and AV solution. **They are not functioning as a real FIM or AV**, simply a visual reminder that you will likely need to bring a suitable solution for compliance concerns.

> This reference implementation includes Microsoft Defender for Containers as the cloud-native solution for securing your containers, take a look tat this [list](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/defender-for-cloud/alerts-reference#alerts-k8scluster) of alerts you might get from Microsoft Defender for Cloud and any Microsoft Defender plans you've enabled; that doesn't prevent you from installing your desired third party solution; as an example of that, in this reference implementation you install a very basic deployment of [Falco](https://falco.org/). It is not configured for alerts, nor tuned to any specific needs. It uses the default rules as they were defined when its manifests were generated. This is also being installed for illustrative purposes, and you're encouraged to evaluate if a solution like Falco is relevant to you. If so, in your final implementation, review and tune its deployment to fit your needs (E.g. add custom rules like [CVE detection](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?ts_query_web=cve&org=falco), [sudo usage](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/admin-activities), [basic FIM](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/file-integrity-monitoring), [SSH Connection monitoring](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/ssh-connections), and [NGINX containment](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/nginx)). This tooling, _as most security tooling will be_, is **highly-privileged within your cluster**. Usually running as DaemonSets with access to the underlying node in a manor that is well beyond any typical workload in your cluster. Remember to consider the runtime compute and networking requirements of your security tooling when sizing your cluster, as these can often be overlooked when initial cluster sizing conversations are happening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference implementation includes Microsoft Defender for Containers as a solution for helping you secure your containers and runtime environment. Microsoft Defender for Containers, provides [security alerts](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/defender-for-cloud/alerts-reference#alerts-k8scluster) on the cluster level and on the underlying cluster nodes by monitoring both the API server activity and the behavior of the workloads themselves.   

You can also consider installing third party solutions to supplement Microsoft Defender for Containers as a defense-in-depth strategy. As an example of that, in this reference implementation you also install a very basic deployment of [Falco](https://falco.org/). It is not configured for alerts, nor tuned to any specific needs. It uses the default rules as they were defined when its manifests were generated. This is installed for illustrative purposes, and you're encouraged to evaluate if a third-party solution like Falco is relevant to your situation. If so, in your final implementation, review and tune its deployment to fit your needs (E.g. add custom rules like [CVE detection](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?ts_query_web=cve&org=falco), [sudo usage](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/admin-activities), [basic FIM](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/file-integrity-monitoring), [SSH Connection monitoring](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/ssh-connections), and [NGINX containment](https://artifacthub.io/packages/falco/security-hub/nginx)). This tooling, _as most security tooling will be_, is **highly privileged within your cluster**. Usually running as DaemonSets with access to the underlying node in a manner that is well beyond any typical workload in your cluster. Remember to consider the runtime compute and networking requirements of your security tooling when sizing your cluster, as these can often be overlooked when initial cluster sizing conversations are happening.
```

> It's worth repeating again, **most customers with regulated workloads are bringing ISV or open source security solutions to their clusters**. Azure Kubernetes Service is a managed Kubernetes platform, it does not imply that you will exclusively be using Microsoft products/solutions to solve your requirements. For the most part, after the deployment of the infrastructure and some out-of-the-box addons (like Azure Policy, Azure Monitor, Azure AD Pod Identity, Open Service Mesh), you're in charge of what you choose to run in your hosted Kubernetes platform. Bring the business and compliance solving solutions you need to the cluster from the [vast and ever-growing Kubernetes and CNCF ecosystem](https://l.cncf.io/?fullscreen=yes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's worth noting, some customers with regulated workloads are bringing ISV or open-source security solutions to their clusters in addition to Microsoft Defender for Containers for maximum (and/or redundant) compliance coverage. Azure Kubernetes Service is a managed Kubernetes platform, it does not imply that you will exclusively be using Microsoft products/solutions to solve your requirements. For the most part, after the deployment of the infrastructure and some out-of-the-box addons (like Azure Policy, Azure Monitor, Azure AD Pod Identity, Open Service Mesh), you're in charge of what you choose to run in your hosted Kubernetes platform. Bring the business and compliance solving solutions you need to the cluster from the [vast and ever-growing Kubernetes and CNCF ecosystem](https://l.cncf.io/?fullscreen=yes).
```
